great head first these are the hardest
part of the smoke oh my god
somehow my dreads
pretty much set up to crush we've been
coming out here for the past five days
we built five jumps it's about to get
nasty
today was a rough day in the back
country tried some dub for teens like
ten of them and brought a few to my feet
and just could not hang on
you all right the dread helmet oh and
I'm coming back
we'll get it someday very frustrating
day could always be worse we got one
more jump left to go head got the crew
ready to go and hopefully get some
bangus
I've got this tax okay and that we're
trying to set up those some jumps a
couple days ago we got to trees and I
already gonna try to get a nice fluid
shot revealing the jump that looks
pristine right now and hopefully get
shot
got this jump already go ready the hit
got a bunch of cameras and just me ski
and stuff stoked
I don't feel
that's terrible I was doing perfect this
is TGR do one more
b-big did you get up in the sky